Remove "conformance" language, clean up open issues. (#108)
mjoras/SCONE-PROTOCL: documents/charter.md

## Open Issues for Investigation

The working group will determine the necessity of a client signaling mechanism

> which; (1) signals their capability of receiving application limits, and (2)
> signals their receipt of application limits. The working group will also

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which might separately signal their capability of receiving application limits
and their receipt of application limits. The working group will also
```
